[Music]
for Michael J Fox life hasn't been easy
going through changes his voice is
changing gave me a keg of beer
was there anything wrong with me he's
got hair on his chest he stopped being a
boy what do you think about to get
worked up at last he's become a wolf an
explanation is probably long overdue dad
an explanation look at me
look you he's always wanted to be
something special but he never expected
this Teen Wolf he's got style there's
something different about you did you
change your hands he's got class Wolf's
present
[Music]
whoa he's got hair all over his body
bulls are supposed to be shy he's a wolf
in teens clothing and tonight is his
night to howl Teen Wolf a new comedy
with Michael J Fox star of Back to the
Future
[Music]